_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <font size="2">  <b>Computer Vision Researcher</b> @ <a href="https://wwwen.uni.lu/">SnT</a>  •  <i>PhD from the University of Nottingham.</i></font>

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: 
    # <p>CVI² Research Group,</p>
    # <p>University of Luxembourg</p>


news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Welcome!! 👋  I am a Postdoctoral Researcher at the [Interdisciplinary Centre for Security, Reliability and Trust (SnT)](https://www.uni.lu/snt) of the **University of Luxembourg**, focusing on 3D Computer Vision and it's applications for Computer-Aided Design (CAD).

I received my PhD in Computer Vision at the **University of Nottingham** under the supervision of [Dr. Yorgos Tzimiropoulos](https://ytzimiro.github.io/). I was also a Research Intern at [Samsung AI Cambridge (SAIC)](https://research.samsung.com/aicenter_cambridge) and later a Senior Machine Learning Engineer for [Taboola](https://www.taboola.com/) and [Deeplab](https://deeplab.ai/).

### Research

During my PhD, I concentrated on learning with minimal manual supervision through _self-supervised_ and _semi-supervised learning_, specifically for the tasks of _landmark detection_ and _human pose estimation_. Later, I also looked into deep learning based recommender systems and the problem of _click-through-rate (CTR)_ prediction. My current focus in on 3D vision, and its application towards accelerating _parametric computer-aided design (CAD)_.

Commit message:

update and add photography link

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <font size="2">  <b>Computer Vision Researcher</b> @ <a href="https://wwwen.uni.lu/">SnT</a>  •  <i>PhD from the University of Nottingham.</i></font>

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: 
    # <p>CVI² Research Group,</p>
    # <p>University of Luxembourg</p>


news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Welcome!! 👋  I am a Postdoctoral Researcher at the [Interdisciplinary Centre for Security, Reliability and Trust (SnT)](https://www.uni.lu/snt) of the **University of Luxembourg**, focusing on 3D Computer Vision and it's applications for Computer-Aided Design (CAD).

I received my PhD in Computer Vision at the **University of Nottingham** under the supervision of [Dr. Yorgos Tzimiropoulos](https://ytzimiro.github.io/). I was also a Research Intern at [Samsung AI Cambridge (SAIC)](https://research.samsung.com/aicenter_cambridge) and later a Senior Machine Learning Engineer for [Taboola](https://www.taboola.com/) and [Deeplab](https://deeplab.ai/).

In this website you can find more info about me, check publications and recent news. You can also browse through my photography <a href="https://dimitriosmallis.myportfolio.com/">here</a> 📸 !!

### Research

During my PhD, I concentrated on learning with minimal manual supervision through _self-supervised_ and _semi-supervised learning_, specifically for the tasks of _landmark detection_ and _human pose estimation_. Later, I also looked into deep learning based recommender systems and the problem of _click-through-rate (CTR)_ prediction. My current focus in on 3D vision, and its application towards accelerating _parametric computer-aided design (CAD)_.
